---
widget: blank
headless: true

# ... Put Your Section Options Here (title etc.) ...
title: Shared Tasks
subtitle:
weight: 30  # section position on page
design:
  # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: 1 or 2.
  columns: '1'
---
<div class="container">
        <div class="row">
          <div class="col-lg-8 mx-auto">
            <p class="lead">
            <br>
            <h3><font size = "5"> Task 1: Arabic LLMs Hallucination (contact <a href="mailto:hmubarak@hbku.edu.qa">Hamdy S. Hussein</a>)</font></h3>
            <br>
The Arabic LLM Hallucination Shared Task challenges participants to address and mitigate issues related to hallucinated text generated by Arabic language models. It aims to enhance the reliability and trustworthiness of these models by fostering innovation in detection methods and strategies for reducing hallucination. This collaborative effort is vital for improving Arabic language model applications in information retrieval and text generation. 
<br><br>For this task, we share a dataset of 10,000 Arabic factual claims generated by ChatGPT and GPT4 and judged manually for factuality, and linguistic correctness by a wide range of annotators. If applicable, annotators provided verification links. <br><br>
We challenge participants to predict whether a claim is correct or not, and if it is incorrect, how can they rewrite the claim to fix its factual errors?
<br>
<br>
<b>Link:</b> <a href="https://sites.google.com/view/arabic-llms-hallucination">https://sites.google.com/view/arabic-llms-hallucination</a>
            <br>
            <br>
            <h3><font size = "5"> Task 2: Dialect to MSA Machine Translation (contact <a href="mailto:kareem.darwish@aixplain.com">Kareem Darwish</a>)</font></h3>
            <br>
            The Dialect to MSA (Modern Standard Arabic) Machine Translation Shared Task offers an opportunity for researchers and practitioners to tackle the intricate challenge of translating various Arabic dialects into Modern Standard Arabic. With the rich linguistic diversity across Arabic-speaking regions, this task aims to advance machine translation capabilities and bridge the gap between colloquial spoken Arabic and the formal written language. Participants will work on developing and refining translation models that can accurately and fluently convert dialectal Arabic text into MSA, making it a crucial initiative for improving communication and comprehension in the Arabic-speaking world. 
            <br><br>
            The shared task will cover multiple dialects, namely: Gulf, Egyptian, Levantine, Iraqi, and Maghrebi.  For each dialect, a set of 500 sentences written in both MSA and dialect will be provided for finetuning, and the testing will be done on a set of 500 blind sentences.  The participants are free to use whatever resources at their disposal to train and finetune their systems.
            <br>
<br>
<b>Link:</b> <a href="https://codalab.lisn.upsaclay.fr/competitions/17118">https://codalab.lisn.upsaclay.fr/competitions/17118</a>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>